banda lac wisconsin home the lens truck
the nation's largest used truck dealer
just imagine over four hundred trucks
all in one lot all priced to move what
follows in this video highlights what
separates lens truck from all other
dealerships and how we provide you with
the very best option when buying your
next truck at lens truck when we say we
buy more we sell more we finance more
thus you save more it means more than
that how do we get all these trucks
we're affiliated with over a hundred
different new car dealers this is how it
works you see we buy fresh trade-ins
from dealers all over the country in
bulk to save money let me explain we buy
these trucks from our new car dealers we
don't just buy one or two will buy
upwards to five hundred thousand dollars
of trucks all at one time thus volume
buying lens saves you see at lens truck
we sell more used trucks in any other
dealership in America we have over 400
trucks to choose from and sell over 250
trucks per month you see the more we
sell the more you say we make sure our
trucks pass through our lens certified
process all trucks go through 125 point
inspections and then are fully clean
like new making sure that every truck in
this lot is lens certified it's all
about making it easier for you to get
the best truck money can buy in other
words we take all the necessary steps to
ensure you that there are no surprises
once certified it's our standard to
create a 3-minute high quality video
that highlights every detail of your
next truck we also take 30 pictures and
display a carfax report all online in
other words we take all the steps
necessary to ensure you there are no
surprises so now you know we buy more we
sell more you save more but what people
don't know is we finance which saves you
even more have you ever heard of the
phrase when banks compete you win it is
never more true than it lends truck you
see a lens truck we finance over 60
million dollars per year thus the banks
are able to offer lower rates to our
customers because of the mass numbers we
can give to them these volume discounts
help you save more so there you have it
allen's truck we buy more we sell more
we finance more allowing you to have the
highest quality truck while saving more
when considering your next truck go to
lens truck the nation's largest use
truck dear kirby the jugs it
wanna try it's what we've got we got the
joke we got the trucks